# 1. Characteristic Equation
In this part, we introduce the basic theory about characteristic equation of PDE, which use the algebraic view to desolve the euqation itself into the special product form. 

Thus the PDE will becomes as how to find the special Null Space of our algebraic euqation in the special function spaces.

# 2. Fourier Series

Use the Fourier Series, one can approximation arbitary function, which means the PDE also can be represented. But the PDE acturally requires the partial differention, whose convergence need to be proved in the Fourier Series. But to simplifiy the theorical part, we'll not give the progress of proof.



# 3. Integration Transform

As for the Integration Transform Method, one can use the Fourier or Laplace Transform to transform the PDE problem from the initial space into different space but holds some invariance corresponding to the 'D' operator. Here we give the two transformation methods.

## 1. Fourier Transformation

### 1. Fourier Transformation
#### Definition
Considering the $L^p$ integrable function make up a Banach Space, and the $L^2$ space is Hilbert.

Firstly, Fourier Transformation is a function map a function to another.

$$\mathcal F[f](w) := \int_{-\infty}^{\infty}f(t) \exp\{-iwt\}dt, w \in \mathbb R$$
It can be seen as a special inner product.

And in the $L^1$ space, which can be rewrite as
$$\mathcal F[f](\cdot)= (w, f(*)\exp\{-iw*\})$$
Where, the $*$ will be the vairbale in the integration.

Note the new function about $w$ in $\mathbb C$ as $\hat f$.




#### Properties of Fourier Transformation
The function $\hat f$ has the following properties,

- Continuity.
	The map $\hat f$ is continuous, and $\lim_{|w| \to \infty}\hat f(w) = 0$.
	
- Linearity.
	The Fourier Transform Functor $\mathcal F$ is Linear with $f$.
	
- FD.
	If $f$ is continuous differentiable, which also means $f' \in L_1(\mathbb R, \mathbb C)$, then
	$$\mathcal F[f'](w) = iw \mathcal F[f](w)$$
	
- DF
	If $\int_{-\infty}^{\infty}|tf(t)|dt < \infty$, then
	$$D_w\mathcal F[f](w) = (-i) \mathcal F[\cdot f(\cdot)](w)$$

- Shift
	$$\mathcal F[f- a](w) = \exp\{-iaw\} \mathcal F[f](w)$$
- Multiply
$$\mathcal F[af](w) = \frac{1}{|a|} \mathcal F[f](\frac{w}{a})$$

#### Convolution
The convolution is a function defined use two function, which can be writen as
$$(f * g)(x) = \int_{-\infty}^{\infty} f(t) g(x - t) dt, t \in \mathbb R$$


The convolution has a special property
$$D^n(f * g) = f * (D^ng)$$



There exists a special theorem
$$\mathcal F[f * g] = \sqrt{2\pi} \mathcal F[f] F[g]$$

#### Plancherel’s Theorem
$$\int_{-\infty}^{\infty} \hat f \bar{\hat g}dw = \int_{-\infty}^{\infty} f \bar g dx$$
where the $\bar h$ means the conjugate of $h$.

The theorem can be writen in the inner product form
$$(\hat f, \hat g)_{L_1} = (f, g)_{L_1}$$
which measn the Fourier Transform is a Isometric Transform.

#### Parseval’s identity
$$\int_{-\infty}^{\infty} |\hat f(w)|^2 dw = \int_{-\infty}^{\infty} |f(w)|^2 dw$$

#### Inverse Transform
Considering the inverse Fourier Transformation as 
$$f(x) = \mathcal F^{-1}[f](x) := \frac{1}{\sqrt{2 \pi}}\int_{-\infty}^{\infty} e^{iwx}\hat f(w)dw$$



### 2. Solve PDE
PDE can be solved in the following steps,
1. Use the Fourier Transformation get a new Differential euqation system, but actually is an ODE system. Transofm the initial condition also.
2. Solve the ODE system.
3. Use the Inverse Fourier Transformation to the ODE then get the result.




## 2. Laplace Transformation

