## 1.1 Review of the Real Number Theory
Firstly, the reader should review the [[Real Number]] himself. And use the *cut* view, we can introduce the following concepts.

[[Real Number]] has some properties about the order construction, look at [[Theorem 1.1 Least Upper Bound]] and [[Corollary 1.2 Greatest Lower Bound]]. 

One can define the [[Interval]] naturally.

For the density of [[Rational Number]], there exists the [[Archimedean Property]], which describes the arbitray of the rational number choice.

## 1.2 Sequence
We define the [[Sequence]] be the special map from [[Integer]] to a set $S$. And the definition of [[Subsequence]] is clearly.

Then the [[Convergence]] of a [[Sequence]] is definded used the $\varepsilon-\delta$ language. The [[Monotone Increasing]] and [[Monotone Decreasing]] describes the tendence of the value change.

## 1.3 Extended Real Number
To get some useful property, especially the [[Convergence]], we extend the [[Real Number]] to the [[Extended Real Number]], which introduced two special notation for the unbounded set. And define the addition, substraction, multiplication, division, the [[Extended Real Number]] will be a useful number field.

With the definition of new real number, every [[Monotone Sequence]] will be [[Convergent]]. And now we can define the [[Supremum]] and [[Infimum]] as a special function on a set even though it may be [[Unbounded]].

## 1.4 $\lim \sup$ and $\lim \inf$
In the $R^*$, we can define the [[limsup]] as 
$$\lim \sup a_n = \inf_n \sup_{k \ge n} a_n$$
also, the [[liminf]] can be defined.

M